oh yes this is the conga line of workman
look at this loading up onto the boat oh
this is fantastic oh yes so much
evilness is happening hello there ladies
and gentlemen and welcome to evil genius
this is quite possibly one of the
greatest games in the entire known
universe this game is just imagine
Austin Powers with James Bond but you're
the bad guy and it's just full of a
bunch of jokes it's cheesy it's hammy
it's a great love this game is
everything I want from video games and
so much more why are we here today what
we're here to discover if evil genius is
a perfectly balanced game with no
exploits or if perhaps the developers
missed a couple of things which can be
royally cheesed by yours truly allowing
for infinite wealth and global
domination well I guess we're just gonna
have to find out today ladies and
gentlemen this game is fantastic just
playing this it fills me with so much
nostalgia I love this game it's great
fun it's even running in four by three
aspect ratio by the way which is why it
might look a bit stretch to you that's
how old this game is it's just fantastic
so this game was first released in 2004
making this game around about 16 years
old and honestly it's downright
fantastic its aged very well the humor
still stands tall and it is a good laugh
and without further ado we should
probably dive into it ladies and
gentlemen so make sure you're sat back
you're relaxed you have a nice warm cup
of tea and you're ready to join me on
this glorious experience now of course
when it comes to starting a brand-new
game of evil genius you need to make
sure to start a campaign on easy medium
or hard difficulties naturally we're
going to go for the Hard difficulty bugs
where true Pro meta gamers and when it
comes to selecting our evil genius we're
going to go for mr. potato at himself
Maximilian he's fantastic short
bad-tempered and utterly insane you're
fabulously wealthy industrialist your
ambition is to conquer the world for
advanced research and Technology goo
supremacy fantastic Maximilian you're
the one for us so welcome to the game
ladies and gentlemen this is our evil
genius base and we are just starting out
we have our lovely vault of gold over
here to a fantastic evil man Maximilian
is enjoying and just look at this lovely
stack of gold sadly we will be spending
a
large amount of it to get our base set
up and in the early game there's a lot
of stuff you need to worry about you see
the world dislikes us it doesn't like
having evil geniuses running around
stealing things however the developers
know that starting out if the world was
out to get you immediately you'd have a
very tough time of it instead ladies and
gentlemen the developers give the
players one little teeny-weeny advantage
is he's starting out no agents are sent
to your Island because you know you're
having a rough time of it you're getting
yourself up and running this is
fantastic ladies and gentlemen because
it means the developers are kind and we
can exploit that kindness you see with
no agents on the island that just allows
a million shenanigans to start happening
oh my goodness I do love this game it's
beautiful it's a full of nostalgia and
many many happy memories for me and I'm
sure it's the same for a lot of you guys
as well I mean just having all of these
minions running around doing everything
you say huh well it does make you feel
awfully British and it's great fun so
we're getting our base set up at the
moment we currently only have one
henchman to help us out we have our evil
genius and we need to make sure that we
get our comms room set up our comms room
allows us to access the world map and
plan things like heist and steal money
meanwhile our barracks over here allows
us to have more minions you will notice
that it is currently in a very strange
design where we just have random lockers
placed just about everywhere trust me
there is method to my madness basically
we just need one bed down and now
because we have one single bed down our
maximum capacity for minions has
increased you see the amount of minions
you can have in your base is entirely
tied to the amount of cabinets you have
standing in your barracks not the amount
of beds you have genuinely just the
amount of barracks it's amazing and
because we've completed our comms room
we now have access to the world
domination screen this allows us to send
minions out to the world to secure money
in funds and we have a lot of minions to
send out so we're going to send out all
but one of our workers that's right
we're going to send seven workers over
to Europe to just start stealing now of
course this game no stealing is bad if
you start stealing the heat goes up so
does your notoriety the high heat level
you have the more agents are going to
come to your island to try and attack
you however ladies and gentlemen
remember we're still in tutorial mode so
they can't send agents to our island
because we haven't done anything
yet Oh ladies and gentlemen yes it is as
good as that also we're going to need a
strong room set up because I love gold
so as you can see our lovely operatives
are heading to this region they're
almost there they're currently on route
come on operatives please arrive oh I
see they're all loading up onto a boat
at the moment fantastic yes this is how
we move our worker minions about a very
fancy expensive yacht lovely there we go
the yacht is heading off now perfect
stuff and away our minions go nice off
to wreak havoc on the world now we are
currently losing money bugs of course
we've running a base in a base is
expensive to run and also we're spending
a lot of money searching for minions
we're spending 1,000 just so that we can
get a minion every 20 seconds this is
important though because minions are
money
speaking of which they've now arrived in
Europe which allows us to immediately
start stealing from Europe I know and
having seven minions in Europe allows us
to gain a resting income of $2,800 for
every 60 seconds of course our heat is
now climbing but that doesn't matter
anyway we're going to send even more
minions over to Europe now that we just
have so many minions arriving oh and
lovely our base is now expanding which
means we now have space for a strong
room there we go we're just going to
have one massive strong room it's going
to be lovely
this is where we're going to keep all of
our gold oh my goodness this game it's
fantastic it's about as cheesy as 14
tons of Wensleydale hydraulically
pressed down into one easy 1 gigabyte
file size in terms of modern graphics it
is about as beautiful as a very well
polished potato with a fair bit of
makeup put on it but you know this game
has charm and charm really does count
for a lot you want no accounts for more
than charm and beautiful graphics Oh
ladies and gentlemen it's having a lot
of minions and making a lot of money
speaking of which has our money doing
our money is actually doing quite well
we have 14 minions in Europe at the
moment and they are stealing five
thousand six hundred dollars every 60
seconds which is going to be really
helping our economy are going to send
even more minions over actually because
you know the more minions the better now
technically speaking there are some
investigators wandering around on our
island but because we're in tutorial
mode these guys aren't going to do
anything they're not going to put a stop
to any of our very strange evil acts
they're just going to kind of let
happen Oh No so we're going to need more
Locker cabinets there we go so we're
going to get more lockers installed
because the more lockers we have more
minions we can have there we go so we're
just going to keep spamming up more
lockers there we go perfect stuff oh my
goodness these guys are just wandering
around I suppose we can just kill them
because it won't actually cause any more
men to be said to the island there we go
just kill all of the men good stuff
samurai lovely stuff this is what you
get for snooping around my lovely evil
Island fantastic bam I've jumped into
the mid point when you've released
expected me I know that's right who
would have thought that I legendary
youtuber spife would jump into the
middle point of a video to tell you some
important information ladies and
gentlemen the scientists over at Swift
Co have come back with some staggering
research
I know those absolute majestic boffins
have discovered that the people who like
spiffing BRIT videos will immediately
see that their charisma stats increased
by upwards of 14 percent that is
downright fantastic ladies and gentlemen
and thank you use scientific boffins for
discovering that one you know they
discovered after that they discovered
that if you drink tea your ability to
acquire wealth via various means
increases by over 1000% so ladies and
gentlemen if you want to be an evil
genius go down to your local shop grab
yourself a box of Yorkshire tea and
conquer the world
anyway let's dive back into this video
as we have a lot of wealth creating to
do so there we go we've completed
technically all of the tasks excluding
the final one which is the reports
indicate that trained civilians are
holidaying on the island capture and
imprison are made in a security holding
cell so how this game works is you have
many different types of minions starting
out we only have worker minions but they
go all the way up to say Sniper minions
engineer minions mercenary minions and
guard minions we don't want to be using
any of those minions instead we're going
to be using entirely workers if you were
to go and actually kidnap this maid and
end their holiday then the tutorial is
over and we are going to get swarmed by
security agents we don't want that so
we're going to let the maid enjoy their
holiday time on the island and fantastic
our one worker who we kept the base is
building more security lockers which
means we have increased capacity for
minions in total you can have a hundred
minion so I'm just going to preset the
amount of work as we want a 999 lovely
stuff and hope
we will eventually have enough cabinets
to have that many minions now as we can
see we're already starting to make a
small amount of money haven't properly
got our economic operation up and
running as we are spending very large
amounts of money actually getting these
lockers and cabinet set up but our money
hasn't actually started going down we
are making a decent portion of wealth
mostly thanks to Europe where we are
gaining $7,200 every 60 seconds speaking
of which we might as well send over
Jubei our lovely henchman as well as a
few more workers to help out and make
even more money remember ladies and
gentlemen we are playing this game on
hard mode this is meant to be difficult
meant to be what have I done so you gave
I'm so sorry well we were actually back
up to 200,000 lovely I think 250,000 is
the actual starting amount new you get
has our money making operations going
much better now 8600 every 60 seconds
from Europe that's absolutely lovely
we're going to send over even more
workers to help out with that and has
our work of recruitment going our we're
not even at capacity right let's get
recruiting minions even faster please
actually going to also need to build
more barracks because we could really do
some more minions so as that's the case
let's build a larger barracks right
about here it just needs to be really
long and big in fact just make it the
biggest barracks in the entire world
there we go it is going to be huge this
barracks oh yes this is perfect twenty
thousand dollars it's going to cost us
to build a barracks this big but trust
me it's going to be worth its while so
we're going to send two minions over to
the east coast of America to make that
free minions and they're going to start
generating some wealth there as well
because as fun is making all our money
in Europe ears we should kind of start
diversifying the amount of chaos we're
causing I am very much interested in
terms of my audience how many people
actually played this game because of
course it is old
it's a classic I absolutely love this
game I know it's not everyone's cup of
tea but for me this game is just
downright fantastic so if you ever did
experience this game or if you didn't
and you have seen this video and you
actually feel interested by it or just
terrified then give me a shout because
I'd absolutely love to know how many
people have inspired to play one of
these strangest games ever created
anyway our minion production is actually
going quite well we have 29 minions
technically Andrew soon going to be
getting our 30th minion set up now
whilst we do have actually about four
minions running around the base hoping
we've constructed
once we reach the minion cab we actually
only need one minion in the base as soon
as we use the existing minions to get
more minions in we can really start
diversifying and by that I mean sending
all of the minions out into the wider
world and just having one minion move
all the gold from the helipad into the
gold storage room over here and who's
this is this the maid oh yes this is the
maid who we we meant to kind of steal
and keep hostage we won't do that
actually we'll let them enjoy their
holiday on this very strange deserted
island oh it's not that deserted I guess
we're here now with our free minions in
America our total income on the world
has gone up to ten thousand that's
lovely
they're going to send a few more minions
over there though to help out and
generally get our income up even more
actually hang on a second I just
realized something
I'm stealing money from Europe why am i
doing that I live in Europe this makes
no sense right we're pulling all of the
operatives out of Europe and we are
moving them to America it makes perfect
sense trust we move all of the
operatives to America cause a bit of
chaos in the Midwest get some West Coast
operatives as well perfect yes this is
more like it steal from America the
thing is you can also actually do
missions on the world map without even
having the tutorial finished we can go
over to say North Africa here and we can
do the earplug mission and just
basically destroy a listening post it
requires a lot of workers but it
increases our notoriety when our
notoriety is higher enough basically we
win the game so theoretically speaking
you can win the game without even
playing the game I know it makes it
makes good sense anyway let's get some
new lockers built into this barracks now
remember ladies and gentlemen this room
which I'm building here is technically a
perfectly legal barracks it has all of
the items of barracks must-haves in this
game
it just happens to look downright
terrible but there's no reason why this
certain design of barracks isn't allowed
it just works ladies and gentlemen it
just works we're going to have so many
minions after this it's going to take a
long time to get all of this set up but
once it is we're going to be making a
ridiculous amount of money I mean you
can end up producing millions in this
game so when you think about it this
evil operation probably has a higher GDP
than I don't know Scunthorpe Grimsby
Manchester maybe our
just remembered something very important
that's right there was something
ridiculously important which I was meant
to talk about in today's video and you
know what that means ladies and
gentlemen it's British Segway time I
know we hardly get to do many of these
so ladies and gentlemen I was going on
the internet the other day and I
discovered something fantastic a
creature which has been bullied beyond
any beliefs one of the saddest things
I've ever encountered in terms of
scientists having a laugh and of course
when scientists have a laugh they never
think about the people they could be
affecting by having that laugh ladies
and gentlemen I discovered a new type of
animal which I'd never heard of before
the legendary fat sand rat that's right
the fats and rat is a terrestrial mammal
from the gerbil subfamily that's mostly
found in North Africa in the Middle East
it is genuinely called fat sand rat that
is its name someone sat down who was a
sciency person and said I found this
brand-new creature should what should I
call it should I give it a fancy Latin
name no fat sand rat imagine if you were
the fat sand rat someone just discovered
you and went you know what I'm going to
give you a stupid name and you're going
to feel stupid
you'd probably cry if you could could a
fat sand rat cry I don't know it doesn't
even look that fat for just one like on
a video ladies and gentlemen you can
tell a fat sand rat that it's worth
something
that it's beautiful on the inside
because deep down aren't we all just
fats and rats anyway back to the video
yes I just discovered that and I thought
well people need to know what's
happening in the wider world oh right so
what we going to do we have seven
workmen lying around who are actually
getting more work man I guess our
capacities increased up to 37 which is
good and we now have seven minions
effectively installing more and more
cabinets which is equally absolutely
fantastic I've noticed we've missed a
spot here we can actually get more
cabinets installed here so this is going
to work out fantastically there we go
lovely stuff we're getting into so many
cabinets these are going to be beautiful
I'm not too sure how many cabinets this
is but this should probably push us
close to about 50 or 70 I'm hoping oh
we've got a brand new object hotel hub
oh yes and hotel wings basically because
we are an evil operation what better way
to diversify you evil operation than
with capitalism you see when you have a
lot of money and you want to spend it on
something we can just spend it on making
it look like we're an edge
Hotel and you know what that means
ladies and gentlemen just straight-up
building a hotel and it costs us a lot
of money but why not let's just build a
hotel hub right here fantastic we're
gonna have more people walking around
our island having a lovely time buying
very overpriced drinks we're going to
charge about forty seven dollars for a
coffee
yet for a cup of tea we're going to make
it on the house that's right not only we
knieval genius who likes money you're an
evil genius who likes to convert people
to drinking tea and you know what if
anything that doesn't make us an evil
genius that makes us human now this game
effectively has a million different
subgenres which it's kind of having
creative influences from not only do you
have to set up your base but you can
also technically have a bunch of traps
which you can lay so you're almost doing
Dungeon Keeper at the same time but one
of the most entertaining things about
this game is if you do have a bunch of
traps in your base sure you're going to
be stopping enemy agents when they come
in they'll be caught by the traps but at
the same time if your minions are low on
say their energy stat or concentration
stat they're also going to be setting
off your own traps so if you put a
landmine right here all it takes is one
minion who hasn't had his fourth cup of
tea of the day to just accidentally step
on it and lo and behold your base is now
on fire
now our minion capacity is already hit
51 which is absolutely fantastic this is
really really improving our capacity we
might actually even have a hundred
cabinets in here technically if that's
the case then we've basically completed
the game before the games even started
and that's just how exploit works
sometimes
there we go 50 minions and we have
250,000 lying around to the bank account
which is lovely with bringing in an
income of about 13,000 every 60 seconds
which is great but of course could be
improved as we can see in terms of the
world map our heat is very very high
especially inside Japan and America
where they absolutely hate us things
your basic workers are uh naturally the
best at stealing money we could
theoretically upgrade all of them two
guards and then they'd be making even
more money when we send them out to the
world map but there's something quite
fun about just having a bunch of yellow
minions sent off to the wider world and
just stealing everything of course when
I say yellow minions please this game
was released way before Despicable Me
don't even mention those minions don't
you even dare my goodness and we're back
ladies and gentlemen now with more
minions than ever before as we're at 95
minions in total it's a ridiculous
quantity if I'm honest we're currently
moving a lot of our minions around and
about mostly from
regions where we don't generate that
much wealth to regions where we generate
a lot of wealth you see Europe you gain
a lot money from having any minions in
Europe same for the Midwest and the same
exists for the Middle East so we are
moving most of our minions into those
free regions to generate as much money
as possible at the same time we're just
sinking a huge amount of our cash into
building a hotel for no particular
reason other than I guess it's kind of
entertaining and here is the massive
stream of minions just slowly leaving
our base my goodness this is actually
crazy look at that we're just loading up
onto helicopters or running onto boats
you name it there goes our next boatload
of minions I love this game I really do
now we've actually run out of space to
store our money I know that's right we
need more money storage spaces which is
fantastic
we have 700,000 in the bank but really
we could we have space for a lot more
and so we're good to be securing that
extra storage space in this strong room
here don't you worry we still haven't
stolen that made yet and because we
haven't done that we have the largest
physical crime operation you can have we
have 900 criminal minions going around
the world stealing just about everything
that they can get their hands on this is
ridiculous ladies and gentlemen to put
this into perspective you have to
imagine that the entire world is getting
robbed continuously yet because we
haven't abducted a single maid on an
island the world's government isn't
going to do anything about it they're
just going to let it happen and just go
well until he abducts that maid we can't
possibly stop this evil genius and now
here we have it our minion whose entire
job it is to move money around with the
amount of money we're making it's just
kind of stop piling up all on this boat
and so on and so it needs to get picked
up by a lovely workmen who then run it
all the way to our storage room over
here and just drop it off and which
money we're making in the world my
goodness we're making a fair out thirty
four thousand every 60 seconds is a huge
quantity of wealth it's definitely going
to throw our lovely evil empire into the
realms of infinite riches and this is it
ladies and gentlemen this is an
unlimited money exploit created entirely
from using only minions I know
minions those little yellow people turns
out they're just really good at making
infinite money at this point we can kind
of step away from our computer and just
let the game take over and you can just
leave your PC running overnight and
you'll come back and you'll have more
money than you can actually physically
store on the map we have
we bought this game it's broken now it
can never be fixed and I love it I
absolutely love it I think one of the
things that I absolutely love about this
particular exploit is the fact that we
are a massive criminal empire with
infinite amounts of money and yet for
some reason there's no one in our base
it's just our lovely evil genius and the
worn worker who has to man the console
so that we know where to steal money
from that is it in terms of this base we
do have all of these massive racks for
each and every one of our workers and
yet they're never here because they're
busy stealing infinite quantities of
money from the world now I'm going to
send my 13 minions in a Polynesia to do
fishey bizness what's happening here
stolen secret documents revealed that
anvil is implementing a new
round-the-clock offshore patrol system
we can't possibly have that happen right
my men go attack the fishing boats this
is going to be fantastic yes a few
workers may die but trust me it's a
sacrifice I'm willing to take to defeat
the fishy business we only have one
notoriety but our aim is to have 500 to
get 500 notoriety that's no problem we
just need to use only workers we'll find
a way
fishy business succeeded yes we gained 5
notoriety lovely good job my man you've
done fantastic work here I guess we can
go free this dude who's currently stuck
in a prison that sounds like a great use
of our time as you can see we have 1.2
million in the bank at the moment and
I've actually switched a few of my
minions to plotting so that they can try
and discover some brand-new fun missions
for us to do in the future and also I
think we almost have enough minions to
operate a mission down here in India the
same time we've discovered a new mission
in the Middle East and lovely oil leak
which will cost governments and
businesses millions if we actually cause
of course we're going to do that and we
can start doing forging ahead right go
lovely new mission bearing in mind we
can do all of these missions and the
game is still never going to send a
single agent to our island it doesn't
matter how much international chaos we
caused provided that maid is still
walking around the governments of the
world think we're just pretty chill
dudes whereas that made I here they are
just walking around the beaches enjoying
their holiday yes there we go they're
having a lovely time there we go we've
done it we managed to successfully free
someone from a prison which has given us
even more notoriety is just a fantastic
evil dude
going to dump off a bunch of our evil
minions in the Middle East to help out
with a lovely mission to sabotage the
world's oil supply right I think it's
time to do the oil leak only requires
five workers but we're going to do it
fantastic stuff lovely we're making a
ridiculous amount of money whilst also
sabotaging the world with zero
repercussions this is true untouchable
exploits if this game could even have
invincibility this is it we can't be
stopped
nothing will defeat our evil empire
we're going to make infinite money and
cause infinite chaos all from the
comfort of our evil mountain lair oh my
goodness a lot of workers died Wow
around about 30 sadly passed away oh my
goodness there's just so many dead
people we lost about 15 workers in one
single swoop okay luckily we can just
crank down the recruitment to recruiting
one worker every second yes each worker
costs 4,000 but you know when will you
have as much money as we do you might as
well there we go we succeeded and I'm
going to send over even more workers to
help out in the Middle East there we go
lovely stuff but that's another success
that's another five notoriety to us and
more heat not that heat really matters
coz we're at maximum heat and yet no
one's done anything to stop us oh yes
this is the conga line of workman look
at this loading up onto the boat oh this
is fantastic oh yes so much evilness is
happening I don't even know how they all
fit on that tiny yacht but you know if
they're all just kind of hiding down in
the bottom bit that's fine
all that money keeps on flowing in and
we keep doing these crazy missions in
fact we only have one mission left to do
the earplug operation and that's it
it shouldn't take us long at all
actually this is going to be fantastic
oh there we go we've done it we've
actually managed to complete every
single mission that exists on the
starting tutorial board ladies and
gentlemen we've done it the money is
just absolutely flooding in we have
broken every single thing this game has
we have infinite wealth coming in we're
untouchable and we can still complete
the mission and gain notoriety and
finish the game technically speaking
this is ridiculously broken I love this
game and I strongly recommend if you
have never played it before go grab
yourself a copy it's on Steam I'm pretty
sure it's on GOG as well it's really
well worth your time or just load up
your disc copy if you've got it lying
around it's great fun and hey if you
have enjoyed it feel free to give this
video a like because you know what
liking this video is a sign that you do
want your tea supply raided and that
means we won't be sending a minion
directly to your house to steal your tea
you know ladies and gentlemen we often
make videos based off of community
recommendations for games that you like
and if you do have any recommendations
for a game pop down into the comment
section but for today I'd like to ask
you a question what video would you like
to see next I have a fun few shenanigans
lined up would you like to see an RTS
exploit an RPG exploit or a tycoon
exploit or would you like to see
something completely different and
unknown anything is possible ladies and
gentlemen and I'd absolutely love to
have your input on this so hop down into
the comments section and throw your
opinions into the pile and don't worry
I'll be reading through all of them
warning if your opinion is that spiff
should make a video where he just drinks
coffee your opinion will be immediately
disregarded and you'll be ejected from
the community at a speed of up to 47
knots you have been warned as always a
massive thank you to each and every one
of these majestic patrons on screen who
make these very strange videos or the
more possible thank you very much you
generous sausages and as always if
you're sat there and wandering hang on a
second I enjoyed this video
wonder what I'd like to watch next book
guess what I've got this one lined up
just for you trust me you're gonna love
it it's hand chosen by myself to be
downright perfect for everything you're
looking for anyway ladies and gentlemen
I've been the spiffing for it and I'll
see each and every one of you in the
next one have an absolutely lovely day
and goodbye for now